The  Kudryavka is 900 meters
from the docking area.
Everything looks A-Okay.
MAN: Three hundred meters
and closing. Still good.
(AIR ESCAPING)
(DOI GRUNTS)
(DOI RETCHES)
You always get sick
when you're up here.
Don't you Mr. Doi?
I'm know, it's embarrassing.
So, what do you think?
How's our organization's
special space curry?
Next time
try to make something,
we can actually eat!
(DOI YELPS)
Hey!
Mr. Noguchi,
I know this stuffs supposed
to help make our bones
stay strong out here,
but this tastes like crap.
Now, now,
we've been living
on this space station
here for the last four years.
The artificial gravity we're
enjoying isn't always on.
And it's zero G.
There's a loss of bone mass
and a rise of calcium levels
in the blood,
but to how great the extent
is something that as of now
is unknown.
And as for Doi's space curry,
it's not that bad.
Doc's got a point.
Remember last year,
when someone got
kidney stones
and had to suffer through
those spasms. I bet he does.
Doesn't he?
It won't be funny
if you make it back to Earth
with worn out bones.
So eat up everyone.
Defy Foods makes...
No, actually Mr. Doi is
the one who makes this food.
So people like us
can live and work up here.
That's something all of us
should understand by now.
(DOI CHUCKLES) That's right.
I've been doing research
on this for a long time now.
And developing special
booster strength in your bones
has been a priority.
I wouldn't call myself a
first-class chef or anything.
But I can say without a doubt,
that this food is landmark.
It's historic!
It's revolutionary!
Eat up!
(MACHINE HUMMING)
Blood composition, normal.
It doesn't look like there's
been any muscle atrophy.
Now the bone density.
Calcium, phosphorus, and
magnesium levels are all good.
In fact, there hasn't
been any decrease
in their amounts at all.
Look at that.
If this is right, the bone
mass has increased 20 percent.
Amazing!
Mr. Doi, I have to say,
I'm really impressed.
The food you've developed
seems to work.
This is unprecedented.
Thank you very much, doctor.
Although, I'm not surprised.
-Hmm?
-What?
What space radiation?
How's that possible, Doc?
Al our levels are tracked.
And we all work
outside the ship a lot.
What I mean is,
we shouldn't be the only ones
with high levels of radiation.
That's true.
But in the past year
the only crew members
who've gone outside
on missions,
when the sun's radiation
was at its peak,
were you and Mr. Noguchi.
Then it's from solar flares.
That's great.
You know, I thought
those spacesuits of ours
were supposed to be
able to block all kinds
of space radiation?
Putting that aside,
perhaps the two of you
could refrain from going
outside the space station.
At least for a little while.
You don't think my space food
has anything to do
with the condition of these
men, do you, Doctor?
Hmm? Your food?
No one said anything about
this being your fault, Doi.
My daughter's birthday
is coming up soon.
If she's anything like you,
I bet Monaka's room
is probably covered
with all presents
you've given her.
There isn't anything else
that's been as tough for me...
As a father.
I hate not being there
to see her grow up.
I can't believe it's been four
years since I've seen her.
If I remember correctly,
you once told me,
that your younger brother
is looking after Monaka.
Isn't that right, sir?
Didn't have a choice.
After my wife passed away,
I had to come back
to the space station
to finish my work.
I didn't really have anywhere
to turn except for my brother.
Well, please be sure that you
get that to Monaka for me,
Mr. Doi.
Consider it done.
I'll make sure it gets to her.
(DOOR OPENING)
Monaka, have a
happy birthday, kiddo.
(BOTTLES CLATTERING)
(GROANING)
(PANTING)
(GASPING)
(GRUNTING)
Son of a bitch!
Move it! Ah!
(YELPING)
(GASPING)
Excuse me!
(WOMAN SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING)
(GROANING)
Get an ambulance
out here, right now!
We're continuing pursuit
(PANTING)
(BOTH PANTING)
(GROANING)
-Hey!
-I'm a cop.
Same here, buddy!
(YELPING)
(SHRIEKING)
(GIRL WHIMPERS)
(TSUIN CHUCKLES)
(ALL SCREAMING)
Tsuin!
If you come any closer,
I'll kill her.
Oh!
Let the girl go, okay!
Take me instead!
(BOTH GROAN)
Shit!
Gaga, call in the negotiator.
You're kidding!
We can't negotiate
with that scumbag.
We can stop this now.
Come on, let's get him!
No, the department
makes that call.
We're going to
wait for backup.
That bastards holding
a girl hostage in there!
If we don't get him right now,
she's dead!
It's just you and me, baby.
Just you and me!
No!
Let me go!
I ain't letting you go, girl.
Not until I get us
someplace safe.
Let go of me!
No! No!
Don't touch me, you pervert!
Huh?
(TSUIN BREATHES HEAVILY)
(TSUIN GASPS)
(TSUIN SCREAMS)
Who the hell are you?
Who are you?
Close the door.
(GIRL WHIMPERS)
A chick.
No! You don't have to...
(BOTH GASPING)
Oh my God!
Hey, Tsuin!
See, we should've got him
while we had the chance.
Come on, let's go!
Tsuin...
What the hell happened
in here?
(DOOR OPENING)
You're safe now.
You must've been scared.
But don't worry,
you're safe now.
(GIRL WHIMPERS)
The Angel of Death.
(SIRENS WAILING)
Look, I may be
the station manager here,
but I don't have the authority
to do what you're asking me.
Please now, officer.
Let's be reasonable here.
Look, the suspect
who killed Tsuin
might still be somewhere
in this station!
They are going to get away
if we keep arguing about it.
You've got to
lock this place down
and stop all the trains.
You got it?
Nobody goes in or comes out.
Do you understand?
(SIRENS WAILING
IN THE DISTANCE)
(INDISTINCT POLICE CHATTER
ON RADIO)
(PHONE RINGING)
(DOG BARKING IN THE DISTANCE)
(MAN CHUCKLES)
(WAITRESS GASPS)
(WAITRESS YELPS)
(MAN CHUCKLES)
I hope the food here
is as good as that
hot little ass of yours.
(WAITRESS SOBBING)
Um-hmm.
The customer
is always right.
Smile. Smile.
Spicy Habanero!
This will do.
(SNIGGERS)
Thank you for waiting!
Make yourself
right at home, sir.
Drink up.
(MAN GULPS)
(MAN SCREAMS)
(SIREN WAILING)
You're not supposed
to give the customer
stomach cramps.
That ain't good business,
Ms. Mukai.
I'm fine if I never
see another customer
like that ever again.
I'm late, I'm really sorry.
Every time I see you, Monaka,
I feel happy all over.
Customer is waiting.
Go take his order,
okay, sweetie.
Yes.
(MONAKA SCREAMS)
(MONAKA GASPS)
You're so clumsy.
Come on. Get up.
I'm sorry.
Welcome to Apollo 11.
May I take your order, sir.
Yeah, I'd like the demi-glaced
jumbo hamburger combo
with the large Caesar salad.
(MONAKA SHUDDERS)
Hey, are you even listening?
Let me repeat that back.
-You wanted a demi...
-Hey!
(BOSS CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
I'm really sorry, mister.
But she's the new girl here.
Hurry along now, sweetie.
Let them know,
what the gentleman ordered.
Uh, yes.
I'm really sorry, boss.
I didn't mean to
cause any problems.
But you see that customer
out there...
(BOSS CHUCKLES)
Now, don't you worry
about a thing sugar pop.
If they find out I'm working
an underage girl like you
this late at night,
I'm the one
who's gonna get busted.
(BOSS CHUCKLES)
And you'll get your business
license suspended.
That's not something
you should be
laughing about, boss.
Ow! Don't be so mean,
Ms. Mukai!
Ms. Noguchi, if the boss
sexually harassed you,
then you'd better speak up
about it, right away.
Oh, I don't mind, really.
You should.
But I mean,
he wasn't really
doing anything, honest.
(KITTEN MEOWING RINGTONE)
-Yeah, what?
-MAN:  Get over here!
I'm still working, man.
Besides, your stuffs
not ready yet.
BOSS:  So chill out.
They fucking killed him.
They killed
the only brother I had.
(GIRL SOBBING)
My little brother's dead, man.
They killed him.
What'd you say?
(MAN CRYING OVER THE PHONE)
VOICE AUTOMATON:
ID confirmed. Welcome home.
MAN: You're home late.
(MONAKA GASPS)
I'm really sorry.
Do you know what time it is?
Next time,
I'll call and let you know
if I'm coming home late.
Do you need that job?
I do.
I feel awful you're paying
my tuition.
I want to help out
because I don't
want to be a burden.
Look Monaka,
I'm not going to nag you
about your comings and goings.
I'm living off
my brothers charity,
same as you, but still.
I appreciate you
looking out for me
and I don't want to
make you worry.
It's just that I get paid
a lot for babysitting
when it's late at night.
It's a dangerous out there.
Just try to be careful
when you're walking home
this late. Okay?
Okay.
(MONAKA SIGHS)
(KNOCKING AT THE DOOR)
Hey, are you busy?
Uh-uh.
Come on in.
You came home so late tonight.
I almost fell asleep there.
Why'd you wait up for me?
This came for you.
Thanks, Azuki.
-Can I have some ice cream?
-Sure.
Take any flavor you want.
but the matcha vanilla
is off limits, okay?
Yay! Thank you!
All she's got is
matcha vanilla in here.
Ah! I see a milk and cookies
with my name on it.
You're really get a lot of
love, don't you, Monaka?
On the package it says,
it's from a Mr. Doi.
Who's he?
Oh, he's just
a friend of my dads
I don't really know
too much about him, though.
What'd you get?
Oh, that's pretty.
What is it?
It says they're rocks
from Mars.
Awesome!
You know,
I bet you're the only girl
in the whole world
whose got one of those.
I'm so jealous.
I totally want something
like that for my birthday now.
It's cute.
(MONAKA CHUCKLES)
I guess when your dad's an
astronaut, you get cool stuff
like that, you know.
You're so lucky.
Thanks for thinking about me,
Dad.
DOCTOR: This swelling
is unusual.
Well, their kidneys
are functioning normally.
I don't think
the pain is due to
any blockage of fluids.
The stations artificial
gravity is working fine,
so it's not that.
Doctor, we've been living up
for here for years,
and I've never seen
anything like this before.
What's happening to them?
They shouldn't be
swelling up like that.
True. But how do you
explain these symptoms?
(NOGUCHI WHIMPERS)
(NOGUCHI STUTTERS)
Monaka...
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
-Go!
Fly!
(NOGUCKI LAUGHS)
They really caught
the breeze that time.
Look how high they're going.
Listen, Monaka.
I'm going to be leaving
for the space station
in a couple of days.
Oh.
(MONAKA SOBS)
Will I ever see you again?
Hey, what are you
talking about?
You'll see, I'll be back
before you know it.
Nothing's going to keep me
away from you. I promise.
I'll be waiting for you,
Daddy.
I promise...
I promise, I'll come back.
(NOGUCHI SHUDDERS)
This doesn't look good.
It's as if something is about
to happen inside his body.
(MONAKA GASPS)
(MUSIC PLAYING)
You are my shooting star
We spend the night feeling
Our attraction for each other
You are my shining star
(KNOCKING AT THE DOOR)
Good morning!
Breakfast is ready.
Okay. I'll be down in bit.
Wish upon a star
It gets covered
Like a powdery snow
Ending my thoughts
To the moon...
Keep waiting and...
AZUKI: So! Do you want to
hang out with me this Sunday?
Where are you going?
Karaoke!
Right after I finish
work tonight
I was thinking we could
meet up in lkebukuro.
Okay?
And I've invited a couple
of friends to come too,
so you should totally go.
I don't know.
I'm not that good
at singing.
In fact, I'm terrible.
You don't have to worry
about that.
I mean, it's not like we're
super good singers.
Karaoke's about having fun.
Why don't you go
with your boyfriend?
Uh...
I broke up with him
two weeks ago.
Hmm! Seriously?
Yeah, and I'm still miserable.
See, what do I do?
Now that you guys
have broken up,
you get to meet
someone new.
Isn't that what they say?
You'll be fine, Azuki.
You'll see.
Monaka, have you
ever been in love?
Huh? Where'd that come from?
Come on. Are there any boys
you're crushing on right now?
Wow! This vegetable soup
is so good.
It's pork and vegetables.
Oink?
One-bedroom apartments
are pretty expensive.
(STUDENTS
CHANTING INDISTINCTLY)
MALE TEACHER:
All right, class.
We're going to
have a bag check now.
I want you to empty your bags
and place the contents
on your desks!
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
What...You...
This is a classroom,
not a kitchen.
-Noguchi.
-Yes?
I heard the good news.
You got the second highest
grade on this term's exam.
But you'll try harder
next time, won't you?
(MONAKA NERVOUSLY)
Yes sir.
You're so far away.
Oh!
Ms. Mukai has a child?
I didn't know.
That's right.
She's a single mom.
(MONAKA GASPS)
Oh, hello, Boss.
I didn't see you there.
What book did you buy?
Is it anything good?
Oh, it's  Eat and Lose Weight,
The Ultimate Diet.
It's a cleansing thing
that will turn my blood
from muddy to smooth.
Good luck.
I hope it works.
Hmm. Me too.
That's so strange
about Ms. Mukai though.
Where's the child's father?
I have no idea.
I don't know
what happened to him
and she won't say anything.
It's been a mystery
since the day I found out.
But that's
her business, right.
As long as she keeps it
that way, I'm cool.
I still can't picture her
as a mother, though.
Oh, that reminds me, Monaka.
Don't be late tonight, okay?
(MONAKA NERVOUSLY)
Okay!
-You're cute, you know that?
-I can't breathe.
Well, Miss?
See anything you like?
Um...
This one looks interesting.
Can I go take a look
at it right now?
But there's no lights
in there.
The room's gonna be
pitch black.
Oh! The moonlight ought
to be good enough.
MONAKA: This place is great.
The landlord spent a fortune
soundproofing the apartment.
You'll have lots of privacy.
That's exactly what
I'm looking for.
Um, would it be alright
if I had a moment alone
in here?
Take your time.
(MAN CHUCKLES)
You know,
the rent's a little high,
but you won't regret it.
-I don't plan to move in.
-Huh?
(MAN GASPS)
(MAN GROANS)
(MAN SHUDDERS)
You killed seven people.
I'm here to let you know,
it ends now.
What the hell is this?
What the hell
happened in here?
(DOI WHIMPERS)
First things first, people.
Let's find the crew.
DOI: Come on.
Let's go back.
This isn't good.
I got a really bad
feeling about this.
There were gunshots
and then somebody
tripped the alarm in here.
We haven't heard a...
from the crew since.
We're not going anywhere.
Doctor!
Doctor, if you're here,
answer me!
If anyone's here,
you need to show...
(RUMBLING IN THE VENTS)
(GUNS COCKING)
Oh, crap.
(ALL SIGH)
Let's head over to
the crews living...
(OFFICER SCREAMS)
(GROANING)
(SOUND OF BONES BEING CRUSHED)
(ALL SCREAMING)
(LOUD GROWLING)
(DOI WHIMPERING)
(GROANING)
(ALL WHIMPERING)
(INDISTINCT YELLING)
(DOI PANTING)
DOI: Doctor!
What are you doing here?
Doctor?
Are you okay?
Can you move?
Hurry, get to the spacecraft.
It's coming.
Doctor, what's that thing
out there?
What's going on here?
Mr. Doi...
That food you developed
an brought up to the crew,
could it be,
it wasn't tested first?
Is it true?
You can't be serious.
That thing out there,
it was human once.
But after eating some
of your space food.
It turns into that monster.
Oh, come on,
you gotta be kidding.
You're kidding, right?
Do I look like I'm kidding?
You saw it, right?
The food you made,
over-stimulated
their bones, Doi.
The sun's radiation
triggered the mutation.
Whatever was in that food,
altered the chemistry
of those two
until their flesh
literally became bone.
But if that's true,
show me the proof.
(DOI SCREAMING)
It's coming.
Hurry! Fall back
to the  Kudryavka!
(BULLETS RICOCHETING)
(CRACKLING)
(EXPLOSION)
Damn it!
The docking tube's
gonna explode
if we keep firing like this!
(BULLETS WHIZZING)
(BANGING)
(MAN SCREAMING)
(CRACKLING)
(EXPLOSION)
(GRUNTING)
Get to the  Kudryavka
and close the air lock.
(MAN GASPS)
(GRUNTING)
(CLANGING)
(BULLET WHIZZING)
(MAN PANTING)
Quick! Lock the door!
(CLICKING)
It's not working!
(MEN SCREAMING)
(EXPLOSION)
(AIR WHOOSHING)
(SCREAMING)
(CLATTERING)
(CLANGING)
(SCREAMING)
Are we still alive?
Hey, the fuel's on fire!
Everybody, get
to escape pods!
-What?
-Huh!
(EXPLOSION)
Releasing safety locks!
(CLICKING)
(CLANKING)
Here we go!
Please, God. Please, God!
(ENGINE REVVING)
(CLANKING)
(CRACKLING)
(SWISHING)
(EXPLOSION IN THE DISTANCE)
Hang on!
We're entering the atmosphere!
(RATTLING)
(CLANKING)
(SWISHING)
PILOT: Air break, engage!
(CLICKING)
(SWISHING)
(CREAKING)
(MOANING)
(RATTLING)
(SWISHING)
(CLANKING)
(ALARM BEEPING)
We can't make it back
to home base!
Something's punched a hole
on this ship.
This thing's gonna blow!
(DOI SCREAMING)
How much long
till we land this thing?
Ninety seconds!
We're 4,000 meters up.
We're not gonna make it!
Can't this thing go faster?
You'll have to land this ship
or we're going to die!
(WHOOSHING)
Does anyone know
where we are?
Who cares, Doc?
We're gonna die!
Please just land
this thing safely!
Calm down!
I can't set us down
in the middle of the city!
In the ocean!
Altitude, 400 meters!
(WHOOSHING)
MAN: Look!
WOMAN: In the sky!
(DOI HYSTERICALLY)
We're gonna crash!
(SWOOSHING)
(CRASHING)
We'll land in the water!
Forty meters to go!
(ALL GASP)
(SPLASHING)
(SWISHING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
We're gonna crash!
(CRASHING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
(DOI GASPING)
We made it!
We're saved!
(LAUGHING NERVOUSLY)
(CRACKLING)
Get out! Now!
(ALL PANTING)
Hurry!
Move it!
(ALL SCREAMING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(THUDDING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(DISTANT CRASHING)
(DOI GASPS)
Oh, God!
Thank you. I'm so lucky!
Are you ready to order
or would you like
to hear the specials?
A veggie sandwich
and coffee, please.
Oh! And can I have that
with ketchup
instead of the mayo?
Got it. The usual, right?
Back in a minute!
That Monaka,
she's so cute!
Hey, Monaka!
You got a customer!
Okay!
I can take this one.
No, you won't!
MONAKA:
Welcome to Apollo 11!
(MONAKA SCREAMS)
(DISHES CRASHING)
Ha ha!
No!
(SCREAMING)
(SHATTERING)
-Huh?
-Ha ha!
(MAN GRUNTING)
(MONAKA SCREAMING)
You okay?
So, you're back again, huh?
You know it, babe.
Besides, I wanted to see
what kind of beer
I get this time.
Ah!
How about something
with more...kick.
(SIREN BLARING)
BOSS: Ms. Mukai!
What is it?
(SUPPRESSING ANGER)
(AMICABLY)
Good job, girl.
Thanks a lot for saving me.
Ms. Noguchi,
you know self-defense,
don't you?
What? No.
Really?
It didn't look that way
from over there.
You were about to stab
that pervert with your pen.
I don't remember doing it.
Did I really do
something like that?
So, it's a conditioned reflex.
Anyway, you were so amazing,
Ms. Mukai!
The way you kicked him.
You know martial arts,
don't you?
Hmm.
Playing dumb, huh?
No, I'm not!
Honestly, I'm not.
Yeah. Okay.
Do me a favor and go clear up
table one, please.
Okay!
(GRUNTING)
(THUDDING)
Ah!
(CAR HORN BLOWING)
MAN:  You're under the
protection of the NASA
Investigation Committee, now.
We'll take care of the police.
You won't have to deal
with any of their questions.
From now on,
I don't want either of you
talking about this incident
to anyone.
(GRUFFLY)
Are you out of your mind?
Just leave everything
to us, Doctor.
Those creatures.
You know, there were
two of those things!
Here we go again.
Look, Doctor,
that thing was vaporized
when the ship exploded,
remember?
Don't tell anyone about it.
No one, okay?
There were two men
who mutated.
One was Noguchi.
Mr. Orudo Noguchi!
(DOI GASPING)
Mr. Noguchi?
Yes.
What are we going to do
about their families?
What do we say?
How do we tell them
about what happened up there?
(WATER BUBBLING)
After we're done,
you got a couple of minutes
to spare, Ms. Noguchi?
Sure. What is it?
I just wanna
show you something.
(CRACKLING)
I didn't know you liked
this kind of stuff, Ms. Mukai.
Yeah, it's funny.
I guess,
fireworks help me
remember the past.
Especially, when they sparkle
like this.
Shooting off fireworks
during winter is nice.
Isn't it?
Ms. Noguchi,
do you have a boyfriend?
What?
No, I don't have a boyfriend.
I see.
You have to be careful,
Ms. Noguchi.
Whether you have a lover,
a family or someone important
in your life,
then you have
to change your ways.
Take my word for it.
What do you mean?
Why would I have to change?
That's cute. I guess,
you two are best buds
now, huh?
(BOSS LAUGHS)
(MUKAI SIGHS)
I think, it's nice
to light firecrackers
in winter.
Just don't start any fires.
Okay, governess Mukai?
Good job today, boss.
We'll be careful. I promise.
Have a good night, boss.
Good night, Monaka.
See you tomorrow!
Oh, uh, Ms. Mukai,
about the bill for that guy
you sent to the hospital?
It's gonna come out
of your paycheck this month.
Toodles!
(BOSS LAUGHS)
Try it and I'm gonna
burn this place
to the ground, fat boy.
(MONAKA GASPS)
Ms. Mukai!
Joking!
(MUKAI LAUGHS)
Don't you think, this might
disturb all the people
in the neighborhood?
I have never heard
any complaints about it.
Besides, I bet they are all
enjoying the show.
Here.
Huh?
(MONAKA GASPS)
Oh, no!
This is really scary!
(MONAKA WHIMPERING)
Well, I better get going.
Thank you for the fireworks.
I had a lot of fun.
I'll see you tomorrow,
Ms. Mukai.
Would you please let
uncle know I'm on my way?
I'm leaving now. Uh-huh.
Thanks a lot, Azuki.
I'll see you in a bit. Bye.
Uh.
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Hey, good work today.
Thank you.
I better get going, though.
I didn't know
you were still a minor.
Shouldn't you be
at home, studying?
Please don't tell the school,
I'm working here, mister.
Then what should I do?
Um, I'll give you a free drink
the next time you come in.
So, if you could
just let me go this one time?
I'd really appreciate it.
Uh, are you seriously trying
to bribe a police officer
with free drinks?
Officer?
Why are you working
in a place like that, anyway?
Because the pay
is really good.
And then, well, the manager
is a really nice person too.
I'll bet!
But adults can be crafty
when they're after something.
Don't be fooled
by appearances.
I've got a bad feeling
about that place.
Well, I was going
to quit, anyway.
So, please,
don't tell my school
that I'm working here.
I'm not gonna tell anybody
about your job.
Really? You won't tell?
As long as...that is...
Oh, man!
Huh?
Would you...
You wanna
go out sometime?
Really?
How old is this guy?
I don't know, maybe...
I guess maybe in his
late twenties or something?
I'm so floored.
You don't mind
dating older guys?
Not at all. It's better
than dating some
high school kid.
Right. So, he asked you.
And you agreed.
Didn't you?
-Mm-hmm.
-You did.
How come
a cop is interested
in taking you out?
Hmm.
Where'd the heck
did you go
to meet cops, anyway?
You're not telling me
the whole story,
are you?
How is the ice cream?
It's really good, isn't it?
Suspicious.
Yeah. Very suspicious.
(EXPLOSION)
(ALL SCREAMING)
(ROARING)
(DOI GASPS)
It isn't my fault.
It can't be my fault.
Mr. Doi.
(DOI GASPS)
Looks like...you've
brought back another creature.
Then, there really
is another one.
(CHILDREN LAUGHING)
Bye bye! Yeah.
See you later, fat cat!
CAT: You got another
assignment.
We still have to take care
of the older brother.
Have you heard
the news, lately?
Over the past few days,
they've been finding people
all chopped up.
Yes. They were talking
about it at school.
The  Kudryavka 's escape pod
crash landed in Odaiba.
Looks like the butchering
that's been going on,
is the work
of one of the survivors.
GIRL: Oh!
Come here!
It looks like the target's
armed and dangerous, too.
Make sure you equip yourself
with the best you have,
and dispose of
the target, quickly.
If this person survived,
why would they go around
doing this?
(CAT GROANS)
-Huh?
-Hmm?
That's not really
our business, is it?
I'll text you once I've got
a fix on the target.
It looks like
it's trying to go somewhere,
or something.
CHILD: Bye!
MONAKA: Really?
Yeah. Like it's trying
to go someplace specific.
(SOUND OF A BASEBALL BAT)
Wow! Nice catch!
Sorry about that!
Are you okay?
All right, Sputnik,
why did I have to meet you
out here, today?
Oh! I just wanted to wish you
"Happy Birthday," is all.
That's not funny.
That's a nice-looking
bracelet.
Is that something
your boyfriend got you?
And she ignored me.
Boyfriend.
COP:  Wanna go out?
Oh!
Ouch!
(GROWLING)
(ROARING)
It's in the neighborhood.
(GUN CLICKING)
(MAN LAUGHING)
You must really love that gun.
That Red Club was made
by a good friend of mine
a long time ago.
It's a gun of destiny.
Destiny?
It was favorite weapon
of a certain assassin.
She was just a teenager.
And she was a chick.
Just like you.
Oh!
But, one day,
a few years ago,
she disappeared
without a trace.
And that friend of mine,
the one who made the gun,
well, he died
around the same time, too.
Oh.
(GUN LOADING AND ARMING)
(GUN COCKING)
Nice grouping!
(GUN CLICKING)
The assassin.
What was her name?
Yeah, what was her name?
(GUN CLICKING)
(MACHINE BEEPING)
(GRUNTING)
(MEN SCREAMING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(GROWLING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(FURNITURE CRASHING)
You guys got some balls,
killing my little brother.
And now I'm gonna make you
pay for it!
(COP GULPING)
I can't believe
you'd risk getting caught
like this!
(GUN CLICKING)
You've got it wrong!
Look, man, we weren't
the ones who killed
your little brother!
Say whatever the hell
you want,
after you say
how sorry you are.
I'm telling you the truth!
We didn't kill
your crazy brother, man!
Angel of Death did it!
The assassin
everyone's been talking about?
Whatever!
(GUN COCKING)
It's your fault, he's dead!
And now I'm gonna spray
your head all over the floor!
You're gonna get it too!
Smoked by the Angel!
You're dead!
-MAN 1 (ON TV):  South America?
-MAN 2 (ON TV):
You know, I just saw
MAN 2:  this cool anime.
(GRUNTING)
MAN 1:  Really?
Changing the subject?
MAN 2:  I didn't
change anything!
(BULLETS WHIZZING)
(GRUNTS)
MAN 1 (ON TV):
Yes, I was!
(CLANKING)
(GUN COCKING)
Right behind you, scumbag!
Are you worried?
Of course! Of course I am!
You're telling me
that some assassin you hired
can kill that creature?
Unfortunately, this is
our only option.
We are talking
about the Angel of Death.
Angel or devil, whatever!
The only thing that matters
is that you get the job done!
Jeez!
(CRACKING)
(SWISHING)
(BULLETS WHIZZING)
(GUN ARMING)
(BULLETS RICOCHETING)
(BULLET RICOCHETING)
(ROARING)
Bulletproof? You're kidding.
What is that thing?
(SWOOSHING)
(CLANGING)
(SWISHING)
(CLINKING)
(BULLETS WHIZZING)
(GRUNTING)
(THUDDING)
(WHOOSHING)
(ROARING)
(BULLET RICOCHETING)
What's that thing made of?
(MONAKA GASPING)
(GROWLING)
(FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
What? He doesn't wanna
fight anymore?
(GUN ARMING)
(CRASHING)
Damn it! The explosive bullets
aren't working.
They're not going deep enough!
(WINDOW OPENING)
What the hell are you doing?
You know what time it is?
Shut up!
(CLANGING)
(SWISHING)
(GRUNTING)
(GASPING)
It has to have a weak spot.
(GUN ARMING)
(BULLETS RICOCHETING)
(SWISHING)
(GRUNTING)
(GASPING)
(SWISHING)
(GRUNTING)
Too bad. Guess, I missed.
(GROWLING)
Huh?
(GUN COCKING)
(SCREAMING)
(THUDDING)
(ROARING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(CAR TIRES SCREECHING)
What was that?
What happened?
That was the monster!
(ROARING)
(SPLASHING)
(GROANING)
(GASPING)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
Come on!
(GLASS SHATTERING)
Thank you!
Thank you so much!
You saved us!
I'm so grateful!
Well, what was that?
Can you keep a secret?
He was once human,
before he transformed
into that monster.
A crew member
from the International
Space Station.
What?
Yeah. There was some kind
of accident aboard the ISS.
A crew member
from the space station?
Oh, yeah. They were saying
how it was caused by
the space food I developed.
The sun's radiation
played a part into this,
well, though.
Man! If the public
ever found out about this,
I'll be ruined!
And all my hard work
flushed down the toilet.
I would've preferred
if you'd killed that thing
in a more discreet manner.
But, oh, well.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
I still can't believe
you took care of that monster
all by yourself!
I mean, no offense,
but you're just a girl!
Which crew member?
Hmm. Wanna know?
Well, the doctor said
that two of the crew mutated,
but he only mentioned
one name, though.
His name was Noguchi.
(MONAKA GASPS)
I never got to ask
who the other one was.
To tell the truth,
I don't even know
if that monster back there
was Noguchi or not.
All I know
is the other monster
was blown to pieces
up on the  Kudryavka .
Oh!
No. No way.
That can't be my dad!
Huh?
Uh, you're kidding, right?
You're Monaka?
You're not.
No, you can't be her.
(GUN COCKING)
(DOI SCREAMING)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(GRUNTING)
(DOI WHIMPERING)
Who the hell were these two?
I don't know!
They were hired by Defy Foods!
I don't know
where they are from!
They pretended to be with
NASA, then they...
They came here
to get things under control!
And...
(DOI WEEPING)
So, they were gonna
kill me too?
I didn't know!
I swear, I didn't know
they were gonna!
Who are you, anyway?
I'm Koichi Doi,
-I just work for Defy Foods.
-Doi.
You're the one
who always sent me packages
from my dad.
Then, you really are Monaka.
(GUNSHOT)
Damn!
Where did he go?
Daddy.
(MONAKA GASPING)
TSUIN: Stay still!
MONAKA: Let me go!
Shut up or I'll kill you!
(GUN COCKING)
Tsuin! Freeze!
Tsuin?
Stay where you are!
Any closer, the girl dies!
Just like your brother, huh?
You, fucking psycho!
I know that voice.
TSUIN: Drop your gun!
COP: Blow me!
TSUIN: Drop it!
TSUIN: Or I swear I'll put
a bullet in this chick's head!
(GUN CLATTERING)
Just stay right there!
(THUD)
(TSUIN SCREAMS)
(GUN COCKING)
(GUNSHOTS)
Ah! Tsuin!
No way.
(THUD)
Tsuin! Answer me!
Ah, Jeez!
(MONAKA RUNNING)
(SIRENS WAILING)
Huh?
MAN 1: Hey,
it's regenerating!
MAN 2: It's what?
(POLICE SIRENS WAILING)
(CRASHING)
(EXPLOSION)
(CRACKLING)
(GROWLING)
Ah!
(JAPANESE SONG PLAYING)